DOC-2485: Improve docs for Menu option (#3478)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/menu.adoc

[[menu]]
== `+menu+`

> This option allows you to define what menus are available to the xref:menus-configuration-options.adoc#menubar[menubar option] and the xref:available-menu-items.adoc[menu items] that should appear within the menus themselves.

Reviewer: Suggest removing `user` from the context?
```suggestion
The `+menu+` option now allows integrators to define the available menus for the  xref:menus-configuration-options.adoc#menubar[menubar option] and specify the xref:available-menu-items.adoc[menu items] that appear within those menus.
```

> To define the menus available in {productname}, the `+menu+` option should be provided with a JavaScript object containing a property for each menu. These properties should contain a JavaScript object themselves with properties `+title+` and `+items+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the menus, provide a JavaScript object where each property represents a menu, containing `+title+` and `+items+` fields. The `+title+` field defines the display name, while the `+items+` field lists the controls in the menu, separated by spaces.
```

> The `+title+` property should contain a string with the display name of the `+menu+`. The `+items+` field should contain a space separated list of the controls that should populate the `+menu+`.

Reviewer: Not sure if you want to remove this section or maybe add more details to the above suggestion?
